Hey there, this is your Pal Pallie and welcome
back to Git Er Raid.
Ever want to feel like a rat in a big machine
screwing it all up and pissing an engineer
off?
Then Siegecrafter Blackfuse is the fight for
you!
So this one is a 2 tank and 2 to 3 heal encounter.
If you watched the PTR guide of this fight,
there are a few changes or mechanics that
I didn't recognize from PTR so listen up for
those but mainly the fight is similar in execution.
Its kind of complex and is sort of akin to
Yorshaj from Dragonsoul.
So why is this fight like Yorshaj?
Well you can pick how the fight is going to
go and what mechanics you want to deal with
every half minute or so.
This assembly line over here will bring out
3 different weapons that you can kill off.
But once you kill one out of the set of 3,
all of them rest become immune to damage.
Once the remaining weapons reach this machine
here, they pop out on the other side of the
machine and become active until the next set
comes out.
So of course, you need to send some people
onto the assembly line and kill off at least
one weapon.
How you get there is by hopping into this
pipe SuperMario style.
The conveyor belt here goes faster than your
run speed unless you have a boost in speed.
What you need to do here is kill off one of
the weapons and then avoid getting hit by
these beams.
They used to be instant death on PTR but now
on live they are mostly instant death.
Seriously, no chance to survive at all.
If you can reach the end here, there are a
couple of pipes you can go into to return
to the platform.
I will note, there is no damage happening
to you here, so you'll notice I use aspect
of the cheetah.
On 10 man normal, I was able to solo a weapon
but not all classes may be able to do it.
Its about a good burst of single target dps
so you'll see I use my beastial wrath and
any other CDs I have up to get the weapon
down in time.
We would send me solo and then 2 dps when
I wasn't going in.
You can't keep sending the same person over
and over.
You get a debuff that only allows you to go
every minute so that means you can go every
other set of weapons.
So at least a few people in your raid will
need to be well-versed in this run.
So remember you kill 1 weapon out of 3 and
the other 2 come out.
That means you have to deal with 2 of the
weapons being out.
So lets just go through all four of the weapon
types and you can decide for yourself which
one of these you don't want to deal with.
The shockwave missile will have you remembering
Ragnaros from firelands.
It basically does this kind of wave like ground
aoe that you just need to avoid.
Just stand near the active zone and then get
ready to move in when it disappears, just
like on Rag.
Laser Turrets are pretty simple, they will
focus on a person and persue them for 10 seconds.
Any place the laser hits will be superheated
and hurt you if you stand in it obviously.
The Electromagnet does a bunch of just pulsing
aoe damage and pulls sawblades from the boss
to them.
And lastly the crawler mines will fixate on
a raid member and if they reach anyone, they
will explode for aoe damage to the raid and
knocks everyone into the air.
They are slowable, stunnable and rootable
for 1 minute and then after that they will
gain speed and pursue raid members to the
death.
It seems most groups didn't like dealing with
the missiles on top of everything else so
they disabled them and dealt with the other
mechanics.
Just find out what works best for your team.
We also chose to disable missiles whenever
they came out and if they weren't there, we
disabled a laser although it was rare to not
see a missile turret coming out.
Thats not all thats going on with this fight.
There is a whole other fight happening on
the main platform with the boss and his shredders.
So first off, the boss will launch a sawblade
at raid members every now and then.
They'll be cleared by the electromagnet and
you just need to avoid them as they hurt pretty
bad.
As well, you need to make sure none of the
adds in this fight like the shredders or mines
get near the boss or he'll repair them very
quickly.
The tanks have an important job to do as well.
The boss will hit the tank with Electrostatic
Charge which does some nature damage and each
stack increases subsequent damage taken from
the charges.
But more importantly they let you do a ton
of damage to the shredders specifically.
The Shredders that come out must be tanked
of course but they have a buff on them that
makes them take 90% less damage.
So, the tanks need to get a few stacks of
the electrostatic charge and then beat on
these shredders.
In addition, you can also have the shredders
be damaged by sawblades and the superheated
ground from the lasers.
So go ahead and drag them into anything you
can, but always make sure they are away from
the boss or else they will get healed.
The tanks I was running with seemed to say
2 to 3 stacks would help kill the shredders
off in time for the next one to come out and
tank swap.
The shredders do a few things themselves such
as casting Overload and Death from Above.
Overload is just a big aoe that hurts the
whole raid and increases their damage done.
Death from above is where they jump in the
air and slam down into the ground.
Just don't stand underneath them and you are
fine.
After they do this last move, they'll be stunned
and take additional damage on the order of
300%
So yeah, there is a metric crapton of stuff
going on in this fight and lots to learn.
Tanks have to work out killing off shredders
and not standing in crap while tanking the
boss.
The dps need to get good at running the assembly
line and avoiding all the other mechanics.
In particular, the crawler mines need to be
slowed and beat down so that you can explode
them when the healers are ready for them.
And of course, healers need to be healing
their asses off for quite awhile.
I've mainly touched on all of the strategy
points in the fight.
We popped lust on the pull to allow for a
good burn before the fight got messy and then
from there just rotated people into the Assembly
Line to kill the right weapons.
When you are on the platform, mines are high
priority and then killing the boss.
Tanks will need to beat their shredder down
and drag it into stuff to get that done but
that never did seem to be an issue for our
raid group on this kill.
Don't get hit with lasers and if you bring
missiles out, do the Ragnaros dance and don't
get killed.
One last note and this is something I didn't
notice during PTR but was hit with on live
due to the other assembly line team dying.
If you don't kill any weapons at all, the
boss will gain a shield that reduces his damage
taken by 90% for about 15 seconds.
So even if you can handle all the mechanics
of the weapons and don't care to kill any
off, you still need to get on the assembly
line and kill something or else you'll be
prevented from doing dps for quite awhile.
So lots and lots of stuff going on here, just
try to focus on your job in this fight and
it'll go down.
Tanks handle shredders, dps run the gauntlet
and everyone avoid all the crap everywhere!
Thanks for watching and please comment, like
and or subscribe to the video if you found
it helpful and....have a good one!